content.en/docs/Theory/economics/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Economics"
h1: "Economics"
bookCollapseSection: true
url: economics
weight: 1
---

A section devoted to the economic aspects of Bitcoin.

## Series 

{{< expand "Gradually, Then Suddenly" "..." >}}
## Series of articles by Parker Lewis 

The series will cover all the major economic, social and technological components of Bitcoin, as well as dispel the major misconceptions associated with it.

1. [Gradually, Then Suddenly: Intro](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/intro)
2. [Bitcoin Can’t Be Copied](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-cant-be-copied)
3. [Bitcoin Is Not Too Volatile](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-too-volatile)
4. [Bitcoin Does Not Waste Energy](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-does-not-waste-energy)
5. [Bitcoin is Not Too Slow](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-too-slow)
6. [Bitcoin Fixes This](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-fixes-this)
7. [Bitcoin, Not Blockchain](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-not-blockchain)
8. [Bitcoin is Not Backed by Nothing](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-backed-by-nothing)
9. [Bitcoin is Not a Pyramid Scheme](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-a-pyramid-scheme)
10. [Bitcoin Cannot be Banned](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-cannot-be-banned)
11. [Bitcoin is Not for Criminals](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-for-criminals)
12. [Bitcoin Obsoletes All Other Money](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-obsoletes-all-other-money)
13. [Bitcoin is a Rally Cry](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-a-rally-cry)
14. [Bitcoin is Common Sense](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-common-sense)
15. [Bitcoin is Antifragile](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-antifragile)
16. [Bitcoin is One for All](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-one-for-all)
17. [Bitcoin is the Great Definancialization](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-the-great-definancialization)

{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Discovering Bitcoin" "..." >}}
## Series of articles by Giacomo Zucco
Welcome to the introduction to a series of seven articles, entitled “Discovering Bitcoin: A Brief Overview From Cavemen to the Lightning Network.”

1. [Introduction](/en/discovering-bitcoin/intro)
2. [Part 1: About Time](/en/discovering-bitcoin/about-time)
3. [Part 2: About People](/en/discovering-bitcoin/about-people)
4. [Part 3: Introducing Money](/en/discovering-bitcoin/introducing-money)
5. [Part 4: A Wrong Turn (New Plan Needed)!](/en/discovering-bitcoin/a-wrong-turn-new-plan-needed)
6. [Part 5: Digital Scarcity](/en/discovering-bitcoin/digital-scarcity)
7. [Part 6: Digital Contracts](/en/discovering-bitcoin/digital-contracts)
8. [Part 7: The Missing Pieces](/en/discovering-bitcoin/the-missing-pieces)

{{< /expand >}}

## Articles

- [Critics Claim Bitcoin Is a Threat to the Environment. They're Wrong](/en/bitcoin-is-not-harmful-for-the-environment)
- [The Seven Network Effects of Bitcoin](/en/seven-network-effects-of-bitcoin)
- [Masters and Slaves of Money](/en/masters-and-slaves-of-money)
- [Структурная перестройка: как МВФ и Всемирный банк подавляют бедные страны и направляют их ресурсы в богатые](/strukturnaya-perestrojka)
- [В защиту дефляции](/v-zashchitu-deflyacii)
- [Сравнение монетарных стандартов](/sravnenie-monetarnyh-standartov)
- [Негативные внешние эффекты нефтедоллара](/negativnye-effekty-neftedollara)
- [Раскошеливаемся (Shelling Out): Происхождение денег](/raskoshelivaemsya)
- [Биткоин и ритмы истории](/bitcoin-i-ritmy-istorii)
- [Биткоин и интернет-циклы Хопфа](/bitcoin-i-internet-cikly-hopfa)
- [Деньги, блокчейны и социальная масштабируемость](/dengi-blokchejny-i-socialnaya-masshtabiruemost)
- [Что такое деньги](/chto-takoe-dengi)
- [Выживает сильнейший](/vyzhivaet-silnejshij)
- [Стратегия DCA и Биткоин](/strategiya-dca)
- [Почему 21 миллион?](/pochemu-21-million)
- [Парадокс Джевонса: Обратная истина](/jevons_paradox)

Commit message:

structural-adjustment & in-defense-of-deflation & comparison-of-monetary-standards

content.en/docs/Theory/economics/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Economics"
h1: "Economics"
bookCollapseSection: true
url: economics
weight: 1
---

A section devoted to the economic aspects of Bitcoin.

## Series 

{{< expand "Gradually, Then Suddenly" "..." >}}
## Series of articles by Parker Lewis 

The series will cover all the major economic, social and technological components of Bitcoin, as well as dispel the major misconceptions associated with it.

1. [Gradually, Then Suddenly: Intro](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/intro)
2. [Bitcoin Can’t Be Copied](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-cant-be-copied)
3. [Bitcoin Is Not Too Volatile](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-too-volatile)
4. [Bitcoin Does Not Waste Energy](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-does-not-waste-energy)
5. [Bitcoin is Not Too Slow](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-too-slow)
6. [Bitcoin Fixes This](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-fixes-this)
7. [Bitcoin, Not Blockchain](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-not-blockchain)
8. [Bitcoin is Not Backed by Nothing](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-backed-by-nothing)
9. [Bitcoin is Not a Pyramid Scheme](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-a-pyramid-scheme)
10. [Bitcoin Cannot be Banned](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-cannot-be-banned)
11. [Bitcoin is Not for Criminals](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-not-for-criminals)
12. [Bitcoin Obsoletes All Other Money](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-obsoletes-all-other-money)
13. [Bitcoin is a Rally Cry](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-a-rally-cry)
14. [Bitcoin is Common Sense](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-common-sense)
15. [Bitcoin is Antifragile](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-antifragile)
16. [Bitcoin is One for All](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-one-for-all)
17. [Bitcoin is the Great Definancialization](/en/gradually-then-suddenly/bitcoin-is-the-great-definancialization)

{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Discovering Bitcoin" "..." >}}
## Series of articles by Giacomo Zucco
Welcome to the introduction to a series of seven articles, entitled “Discovering Bitcoin: A Brief Overview From Cavemen to the Lightning Network.”

1. [Introduction](/en/discovering-bitcoin/intro)
2. [Part 1: About Time](/en/discovering-bitcoin/about-time)
3. [Part 2: About People](/en/discovering-bitcoin/about-people)
4. [Part 3: Introducing Money](/en/discovering-bitcoin/introducing-money)
5. [Part 4: A Wrong Turn (New Plan Needed)!](/en/discovering-bitcoin/a-wrong-turn-new-plan-needed)
6. [Part 5: Digital Scarcity](/en/discovering-bitcoin/digital-scarcity)
7. [Part 6: Digital Contracts](/en/discovering-bitcoin/digital-contracts)
8. [Part 7: The Missing Pieces](/en/discovering-bitcoin/the-missing-pieces)

{{< /expand >}}

## Articles

- [Critics Claim Bitcoin Is a Threat to the Environment. They're Wrong](/en/bitcoin-is-not-harmful-for-the-environment)
- [The Seven Network Effects of Bitcoin](/en/seven-network-effects-of-bitcoin)
- [Masters and Slaves of Money](/en/masters-and-slaves-of-money)
- [Structural Adjustment: How The IMF And World Bank Repress Poor Countries And Funnel Their Resources To Rich Ones](/en/structural-adjustment)
- [What Most People Get Wrong About Deflation](/en/in-defense-of-deflation)
- [Comparison of Monetary Standards](/en/comparison-of-monetary-standards)
- [Негативные внешние эффекты нефтедоллара](/negativnye-effekty-neftedollara)
- [Раскошеливаемся (Shelling Out): Происхождение денег](/raskoshelivaemsya)
- [Биткоин и ритмы истории](/bitcoin-i-ritmy-istorii)
- [Биткоин и интернет-циклы Хопфа](/bitcoin-i-internet-cikly-hopfa)
- [Деньги, блокчейны и социальная масштабируемость](/dengi-blokchejny-i-socialnaya-masshtabiruemost)
- [Что такое деньги](/chto-takoe-dengi)
- [Выживает сильнейший](/vyzhivaet-silnejshij)
- [Стратегия DCA и Биткоин](/strategiya-dca)
- [Почему 21 миллион?](/pochemu-21-million)
- [Парадокс Джевонса: Обратная истина](/jevons_paradox)
