content.en/docs/Theory/philosophy/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Philosophy"
h1: "Philosophy"
bookCollapseSection: true
url: philosophy
weight: 6
---

A subsection on philosophical aspects pointing to Bitcoin's dominance over the traditional financial system and alternative cryptocurrencies.

## Series  

{{< expand "What I've Learned From Bitcoin" "..." >}}

## Series of articles by Gigi

"What I've Learned From Bitcoin" - is the author's attempt to group Bitcoin lessons into 3 fundamental themes. The first part of this series discusses some of the philosophical concerns raised by Bitcoin. Part 2 takes a more in-depth look at money and economics. Part 3 evaluates Bitcoin through the lens of technology. 

1. [Part I. Philosophical Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-1)
2. [Part II. Economic Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-2)
3. [Part III. Technological Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-3)

{{< /expand >}}

## Articles

1. [Why Bitcoin, Not Shitcoin](/en/not-shitcoin)
2. [Inalienable Property Rights. The Law, Language, Money, and Morality of Bitcoin](/en/inalienable-property-rights)
3. [The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto](/en/crypto-anarchist-manifesto)
4. [A Cypherpunk's Manifesto](/en/cypherpunks-manifesto)
5. [Is Bitcoin Like the Dutch Tulip Bubble?](/en/dutch-tulip-bubble)
6. [Everyone's a Scammer](/en/everyones-a-scammer)
7. [Свобода ценности](/svoboda-cennosti)
8. [Биткоин — единственный реальный мем](/bitcoin-meme)
9. [Ноль и Биткоин](/nol-i-bitcoin)
10. [Дорогие крипто- и фиат-бро](/crypto-bro)
11. [Боремся с поддельными биткоинами и обеспечиваем редкость монет](/boremsya-s-poddelnymi-bitcoin)
12. [Биткоин — это мицелий](/bitсoin-eto-micelij)
13. [Доказательство жизни. Почему Биткоин — живой организм](/pochemu-bitcoin-zhivoj-organizm)
14. [Самая мирная революция](/samaya-mirnaya-revolyuciya)
15. [О Биткоин-вселенной](/o-bitcoin-vselennoj)
16. [Биткоин-диссиденты: кому Биткоин нужен как воздух](/bitcoin-dissidenty)
17. [Биткоин = свобода](/bitcoin-svoboda)
18. [Три мифа о грядущем Биткоин-халвинге](/mify-o-halvinge)

Commit message:

freedom-of-value, bitcoin-meme

content.en/docs/Theory/philosophy/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Philosophy"
h1: "Philosophy"
bookCollapseSection: true
url: philosophy
weight: 6
---

A subsection on philosophical aspects pointing to Bitcoin's dominance over the traditional financial system and alternative cryptocurrencies.

## Series  

{{< expand "What I've Learned From Bitcoin" "..." >}}

## Series of articles by Gigi

"What I've Learned From Bitcoin" - is the author's attempt to group Bitcoin lessons into 3 fundamental themes. The first part of this series discusses some of the philosophical concerns raised by Bitcoin. Part 2 takes a more in-depth look at money and economics. Part 3 evaluates Bitcoin through the lens of technology. 

1. [Part I. Philosophical Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-1)
2. [Part II. Economic Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-2)
3. [Part III. Technological Teachings of Bitcoin](/en/what-i-learned-from-bitcoin-3)

{{< /expand >}}

## Articles

1. [Why Bitcoin, Not Shitcoin](/en/not-shitcoin)
2. [Inalienable Property Rights. The Law, Language, Money, and Morality of Bitcoin](/en/inalienable-property-rights)
3. [The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto](/en/crypto-anarchist-manifesto)
4. [A Cypherpunk's Manifesto](/en/cypherpunks-manifesto)
5. [Is Bitcoin Like the Dutch Tulip Bubble?](/en/dutch-tulip-bubble)
6. [Everyone's a Scammer](/en/everyones-a-scammer)
7. [The Freedom of Value](/en/freedom-of-value)
8. [Bitcoin Is The Only Real Meme](/en/bitcoin-meme)
9. [Ноль и Биткоин](/nol-i-bitcoin)
10. [Дорогие крипто- и фиат-бро](/crypto-bro)
11. [Боремся с поддельными биткоинами и обеспечиваем редкость монет](/boremsya-s-poddelnymi-bitcoin)
12. [Биткоин — это мицелий](/bitсoin-eto-micelij)
13. [Доказательство жизни. Почему Биткоин — живой организм](/pochemu-bitcoin-zhivoj-organizm)
14. [Самая мирная революция](/samaya-mirnaya-revolyuciya)
15. [О Биткоин-вселенной](/o-bitcoin-vselennoj)
16. [Биткоин-диссиденты: кому Биткоин нужен как воздух](/bitcoin-dissidenty)
17. [Биткоин = свобода](/bitcoin-svoboda)
18. [Три мифа о грядущем Биткоин-халвинге](/mify-o-halvinge)
